Project 1:
	From the past weather data, i.e.,  
https://www.climate.gov/maps- 
data/dataset/past-weather-zip-code-data- 
table , download the past data for daily  
temperature and precipitation.  Using  
supervised machine learning approach, a  
predication of weather(temperature and/or  
precipitation) to be generated and is of  
good value in terms of the snowy days  
because in southern parts of US it is not  
quite used to drive in the snowy days due  
to slippery roads. This is to be useful  
for companies in southern states such as  
Alabama, it is wise to inform the  
employees ahead of snow days and avoid  
traffic accidents and make arrangements to  
modify business schedules accordingly. The  
model will predict if some future days  
will snow or not. 
		
Project 2:
	The well known Kaggle competition  
project: Bank Marketing in link here,   
https://archive.ics.uci.edu/ml/datasets/Bank+Marketing

The data was imbalanced in UCI. The project aims 
to make a classification prediction, i.e, who will
make deposit. The variables include 20 predictors and
1 desired target. These 21 variables contain both 
numeric and categorical types. There are 45211 rows of data. 
I plan to utilize machine learning such as logistic regression,
random forest and other models to systematically investigate 
the importance of the predictors and select the important variables. 
Then comparison among these models entails the merits for each model. 





	
Project 3: 
	From the data for parking ticket  
in the past 8 years in city of Vancouver,  
i.e,  
http://data.vancouver.ca/datacatalogue/par 
king-tickets.htm , which tell us the trend  
of these tickets for instance, the most  
tickets issued areas, the time windows the  
tickets dominate and streets are most  
concerned. From these information one can  
predict the parking ticket distribution in  
terms of the location, time and types of  
reasons. By using such information police  
will greatly save a lot of resources to  
hunt down those violations. 
		
		
